Disappointed in me
Mr. Gao, we have divorced
The road faces the sky
Go side by side
Farewell
Mr. Gao, don't insist on being like this kind of trash
It seems that you don't know the real dragon
Wait until True Dragon Online
I see how you regret it
Excuse me, is Miss Shen there?
I am
Sponsor Shen Family Charity Dinner 200 million Gao Qilan
Just 200 million
Not enough to knock on the door of my Shen family
What's there to say outside?
Why does that sound familiar?
Miss Shen, about my ex-husband Xu Wenjie
Impersonating the Shen family to illuminate the film
Please let go of the past
Yeah, spare his life.
It's up.
You still have some affection for him
Then I'll take it as your promise.
We'll leave first
Hey wait a minute
Don't you want that 100 billion order?
It would be nice to resolve misunderstandings
I dare not ask for anything else
Kind of interesting.
Hundreds of billions of orders can continue to travel
In addition
You can also become a partner of our Shen family